add info about GenAI enablement to dashboards (#819)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/dashboards/ai-dashboards.adoc

= Creating a dashboard with AI

> To access AI features, an xref:user-management.adoc#_organization_level_roles[Organization Admin] must enable Generative AI assistance in xref:visual-tour/index.adoc#org-settings[Organization Settings].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make AI features accessible, an xref:user-management.adoc#_organization_level_roles[organization admin] must enable Generative AI assistance in xref:visual-tour/index.adoc#org-settings[organization settings].
```

maybe also "under organizational settings" - "in" reads to me like it's referring to the docs section, not the actual settings, but i might be wrong
